a sex-fueled idiot-proofed cross-country
adventure with some memories that are a
little too graphic for instagram hey
guys welcome back to flix recap i'm luke
pelletier and today we're covering the
2004 comedy eurotrip before we start be
sure to slap the like button drop a
comment and of course subscribe to flix
recap if you dig the commentary and as a
disclaimer this video contains my own
personal analysis and commentary it's
not a substitute to watching the film
itself
links to purchase the film are in the
description below
let's get it ah yes high school
graduation a momentous event worthy of
recording and as the movie opens the
hudson high class of 2004 are definitely
celebrating the students parents have
gathered around to congratulate them and
of course scott's family is filming as
his high school sweetheart fiona is
breaking up with him this priceless
moment proves to be a real keeper of a
home movie huh
later at scott's house his friend cooper
jokes that scott's pen pal from germany
who he thinks is a guy is just a creeper
from the internet
and convinces scott to attend a house
party where we meet the twins jamie and
jenny the pair are planning a trip to
paris and are trying to convince scott
to go with them
jamie even has his precious guidebook
already
but then scotty sees his ex fiona is at
the party too when she joins the singer
of the band on stage and we find out the
singer is her new boyfriend and the guy
she was cheating on scotty with the two
then starts singing a song about
cheating on scott with fiona the widely
popular scottie doesn't know
but instead of taking a few benzos and a
big swish of the closest bottle like i'm
sure most of us would scotty takes it
off the chin like an absolute champ
while his ex is screaming into the
microphone about scotty not knowing
about the affair and here i thought
scotty was a quality misunderstood
gentleman until he misses the toilet and
all over his brother's robe he then sits
down in a drunken stupor and sends an
angry email to his german pen pal
convinced that they really are an
internet creep when he wakes up a
drooling mess his brother informs him
that he didn't translate the pen pals
message properly and scotty is dismayed
because he realizes that his pen pal is
actually a
and not a guy
but it's too late for scotty to set it
straight because the german pen pal
blocks scotty so he and cooper decide to
go to germany to find her but once they
get to the airport they find that london
is the first cheap flight available so
that's where they go on a once in a
lifetime opportunity to have
mysterious i'm not sure what the word
for
is in german but you get the picture
after landing in london their first stop
is the feisty goat a members only club
for men with too much testosterone and
an unhealthy obsession with manchester
united it's definitely the wrong place
for our uncalloused ohio boys every
person in the pub turns on scotty and
cooper but somehow scotty saves their
hides by badly singing sheena easton's
9-5 song and just adding something at
the end about manchester united for some
reason the entire pub goes crazy the
next thing they know they're waking up
on a double-decker bus full of
boisterous british blokes and to
scotty's misfortune the bus is headed to
paris but they're lucky to even make it
there where they meet up with the twins
and proceed to check out the usual
tourist sites then while in a massive
line waiting to get into the louvre
scotty manages to get in a fight with a
busker dressed as a robot then over
dinner the four decide to travel around
europe and go to berlin together with
the final goal of helping scotty meet
his
but while on a train an overly friendly
man joins them in their car and he can't
keep his hands off jamie so they kick
him out of their train car when they
discover him without his
but then they lose their pants too when
they visit a new beach along the english
channel only to find out that it's a
huge sausage party i'm talking more
sausages than a butcher shop
and all the ladies are showing on a
different beach under the monument that
jaime had wanted to see when jenny walks
up to the beach full of bologna ponies
the gaggle of naked guys can't contain
their libidos and chase them all off the
beach but poor scotty can't stop
dreaming about his german babe mika and
keeps waking up to things like the
creeper on the train
so after a quick travel montage they
arrive in amsterdam and cooper has
finally found the place of his dreams a
place where he's surrounded by super
sexy european women that all seem to
want him and jenny and scotty find a
coffee shop wink wink you know the kind
that sells
and not coffee or so they think
everyone seems to be winning in
amsterdam even jamie is having the night
of his life in an alley with some random
girl he just met in a camera store only
cooper's night is starting to take an
extreme turn in the sixth house where he
isn't able to contain his third leg and
jaime is getting robbed while he's
getting
from the camera girl jenny and scotty
make fools of themselves because it
isn't really a coffee shop but just a
regular bakery now the only happy one is
jamie because even though he lost all
their passports money and phones in the
robbery he at least got to enjoy a full
round of
which lasts about 30 seconds and is
packed with a lifetime full of regret
once again scotty's bad german leads him
to a serious misunderstanding this time
with a seriously disturbed truck driver
who drives them to slovakia in a
neighborhood with more seriously
disturbed people so they pull together
all the money that they have which is
only about a buck 80 in u.s american
dollars but with the exchange rate they
realize they can live it up like a bunch
of trust fund babies
unfortunately though while out at the
club they realize the scottie doesn't
know song has even made it out to this
remote pothole of a town
but at least they have absinthe to help
them along
that should help dull their senses
although jamie and jenny appear to have
dulled their senses a little too much
yeah i would imagine an
encounter would ruin the chance of any
sequel right thankfully i guess the next
morning one of the town's folk gives
them a ride to berlin where scotty is
excited to finally meet his german babe
who turns out not to be home
but he finds out from her father that
she has left for rome where she's
planning on boarding a boat for school
so jamie sells his beloved camera in
order to buy flights for all four of
them to go meet her at the vatican and
it makes sense because jaime definitely
owes them for losing everything before
but in order to get into the vatican
they have to lie about being part of a
tour group which leads to cooper
unknowingly ringing the bell that
signifies the pope's
the pair then accidentally find
themselves in the pope's private
chambers where cooper's antics cause the
pope's head garb to catch on fire so in
an effort to maintain safety they throw
the hat into the fireplace and it sends
out the white smoke that signifies a new
pope has been chosen everyone in the
square is freaking out and to add to the
chaos scotty gets tangled in a curtain
before walking out on the pope's balcony
wearing a different popat with the
actual pope watching the whole thing on
television the onlookers think that
scotty is the new pope but this mess has
brought scotty to his shining moment
when he spots his german
crowd thankfully the british blokes from
earlier are there to help him get away
from security so he can see his girl who
is obviously happy to see him and
eventually scotty finds his absolution
when the two proceed to bump uglies in a
confession booth as it so happens
everyone eventually gets their own happy
ending in the movie it turns out jaime
had unknowingly given the author of his
travel guide book a tour in the vatican
and the author in return offers jaime a
dope gig of getting paid to visit all
the museums in europe and after all
their flirting through the entire film
jenny and cooper finally connect when
they join the mile high club together
it's about time guys seriously three
months later scotty is still talking to
his german hottie and plans to see her
over the christmas break but she ends up
surprising him by showing up at his
college and announcing she's going to
the same school as him and even staying
in the same dorm because the school
thought from her name that she was a guy
so in the end everything seems to have
worked out perfectly for everyone except
that damn scotty doesn't know song is
wildly popular did you guys come across
this song without actually watching
eurotrip let me know in the comments
below and of course be sure to like the
video and subscribe to the channel so
you don't miss the next recap until next
time